!!Personal and contact information
:Date Prepared:Oct 30, 2012
:Name: Masakazu Matsumoto
:Gender: Male
:Office Address: Okayama University Science Bldg. B-133, Tsushima-naka, Okayama, Okayama 700-8530, JAPAN
:Work Phone: +81(JAPAN)-86-251-7846
:Work Email: mailto:vitroid@gmail.com
:Place of Birth: Nishinomiya, Japan
:Nationality: Japan
!!Educational Background
::Doctor of Science, Graduate University for Advanced Studies (Japan), Chemistry, Okayama University, 1996
Major: Theoretical Chemistry
Thesis: Topology and Dynamics of hydrogen bond network in liquid water

::Master of Engineering, Kyoto University (Japan), 1992
Major: Theoretical Chemistry
Thesis: Solute pair formation in acetonitrile aqueous solution at infinite dilution

::Bachelor of Engineering, Kyoto University (Japan), 1990
Major: Theoretical Chemistry


!!Employment Record
+2010 &#8211; present, Associate Professor, Department of Chemistry, Okayama University, Japan
+1998 - 2010, Assistant Professor, Research Center for Materials Science, Nagoya University, Japan, 
+1996 - 1998, Assistant Professor, Department of Chemistry, Nagoya University, Japan, 

!!Report of teaching and training
+2010 - present, Chemistry of Complex Materials, Okayama University, MC and DC, 1 semester
+2010 - present, Fundamental Chemical Experiments, Okayama University, BC1, 1 semester
+2010 - present, Mathematics for Chemistry II, Okayama University, BC1, 1 semester
+2010 - present, Chemical Experiments I, Okayama University, BC3, 1 semester (partly)
+2010 - present, Chemical English, Okayama University, BC1, 1 semester (partly)
+1996 - 2010, Introduction to Computational Chemistry, Nagoya University, BC3, 1 semester
+1996 - 2010, Chemical Seminar, Nagoya University, BC1, 1 semester
!!Invited presentations (2011 -)
:Jul. 30, 2012: Masakazu Matsumoto, "Microscopic View of the Supercooled Water", Institute for Protein Research July Forum, Osaka, Japan.
:Mar. 27, 2012:Masakazu Matsumoto, "Challenge to the structure design of quasicrystal clathrate hydrates", Annual meeting of the Physical Society of Japan, Nishinomiya, Japan.
:Oct. 15, 2011:Masakazu Matsumoto, "Science on water and ice by molecular simulations", Okayama University Open Lecture, Okayama, Japan.
:Aug. 18, 2011:Masakazu Matsumoto, "Network topology and dynamics of water", The 3rd conference for young researchers, The Japanese Society for Synchrotron Radiation Research, Himeji, Japan.
:Jul. 27, 2011:Masakazu Matsumoto, "Molecular Dynamics of Water Below Freezing" (Invited), CRYO2011, Oregon (USA). CRYO2011MatsumotoA.pdf(132)
:Jun. 26, 2011:Masakazu Matsumoto and Hideki Tanaka, "On the structure selectivity of clathrate hydrates" (Invited), 4th Mini Symposium on Liquids 2011, Okayama (Okayama Univ.).
:May 30, 2011:Masakazu Matsumoto and Hideki Tanaka, "On the structure selectivity of clathrate hydrates" (Invited), Asian International Workshop on Quasicrystals, Seoul (Korea).
!!Funding Information
!Current
+Control and exploration for new crystal and quasicrystal clathrate materials, Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
+Cloud education and practice environment using virtual computing laboratory, Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
!!Scientific Papers
{{include Papers}}



!!Book Chapter
*Masakazu Matsumoto, Chapter 4.3.1.2 "Amorphous Structure Analysis for Network-forming Materials",  "Topology Designing", NTS corp. (Japan), 2009; ISBN 978-4-86043-162-4.
!!Professional Societies
+Physical Society of Japan, Member
+Molecular Simulation Society of Japan, Member
+The Japan Society of High Pressure Science and Technology, Member

!!Language skill and qualification
::English
:Japanese: Native
